Teams - main branch (Make PRs against this branch!) (#140)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/permissions-by-product.adoc

= Permissions Available in Anypoint Platform
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

The following permissions can be assigned to xref:teams.adoc[teams], granted to xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual users], or combined to xref:roles.adoc#create-custom-roles[create custom roles].

> == General Permissions

Reviewer: @cmordue if/when we rename this section to Access Management let's remember to rename it here, too

== Available Permissions by product
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> The master permissions list will be available when the Teams feature is available for beta testing.

Author: ```suggestion
A complete permissions list will be available when the Teams feature is available for beta testing.
```
